---
layout: post
title: "Mormon Red Pill: Impetus"
date: 2017-02-21 16:11:43 +0700
categories: 'Mormon-Red-Pill'
tags: 'politics'
published: true
description: 'Why the Adam-Ondi-Ahman.glass blog was created.'
post_author: chasmiclysm
image: /images/general/adam-ondi-ahman-logo2.png
---

I'm a Mormon. When the 2016 U.S.A. election results came in, I shouted and cried for joy. In contrast, many of my fellow Mormons experienced emotions of fear, anxiety, anger, disdain and even disgust.

**A thorough investigation of this intriguing reality has merit. In fact, my desire to explore this for myself and others has been the impetus for this blog.**

Here you'll find a perspective which many Mormons believe but have been afraid to express due to societal pressures and norms (yes, even within their own faith groups).

I do not endeavor to answer every single question in one post, but instead address items in separate posts.

I've also created this website to help other Mormons understand a perspective that, unfortunately, has been suppressed to an impressive and unsettling degree. Many of my Mormon friends of been afraid to express their political leaning publicly for fear of retaliation from their fellow Mormons. Imagine that.

Additionally, and more importantly, **there are scriptures and words of prophets which have been suppressed in favor of political correctness.**

I think you'll come to see as you read my posts - the Book of Mormon sheds brilliant light that agrees with the Constitution and the results of the election. That might sound bold, but I think you'll see it's just reason and logic once you see the relevant evidence and information.

I will give arguments here.

**Insults, name-calling, unsupported and illogical labels, and irrelevant facts are not arguments - and away of such things will I endeavor to stay.**

**The #notanargument argument is an argument here.**

Many of you patriots who have found this website perhaps have a negative view of Mormons and their Church. I'm sorry for this, but I don't blame you really. Mormons are divided just like the country is - but in slightly different and intriguing way. We'll explore this in depth in later posts. I hope to show you a perspective that contrasts that of the "McMullenites".

You might not believe in the Mormon faith, but I think you'll find much of what I write as fascinating, and perhaps even enlightening regarding the current political environment. May everyone believe what they will in accordance with the law of the land.

I hope you'll see that Mormon beliefs and yes, even doctrines, are extremely supportive of the Constitution and the freedoms many fought and died for.

\- Chasmiclysm
