---
layout: post
title: "Component #0: Impetus"
date: 2017-02-21 16:11:43 +0700
categories: 'Mormon-Red-Pill'
published: true
---

I'm a Mormon. When the 2016 U.S.A. election results came in, I shouted and cried for joy. In contrast, many of my fellow Mormons experienced emotions of fear, anxiety, anger, disdain and even disgust.

**A thorough investigation of this intriguing reality has merit. In fact, my desire to explore this for myself and others has been the impetus for this blog.**

I think many groups of people will benefit from this blog. One group of people who probably won't benefit from my posts are those who are utterly convinced that mainstream media is telling the truth and that anyone speaking contrary to that is simply racist, xenophobic, misogynistic, etc... There may be exceptions, but these people

Here you'll find a perspective which many Mormons believe but have been afraid to express due to societal pressures and norms (yes, even within their own faith groups).

Posts are organized as **"Components"**. I've done this because each post provides another dimension - a dimension I feel is important to have a proper overall understanding to a subject. There is not particular order in the components, but each has its place.

I've also created this website to help other Mormons understand a perspective that, unfortunately, *truly has been suppressed* to a degree that I believe is unprecedented in American society. Additionally, there are scriptures and words of prophets which have been suppressed in favor of political correctness.

**Many of you patriots** who have found this website perhaps have a negative view of Mormons and their Church. I'm sorry for this, but I don't blame you really. Mormons are divided just like the country is - but in slightly different and intriguing way. We'll explore this in depth in later posts.

You might not believe in the Mormon faith, but I think you'll find much of what I write as fascinating, and perhaps even enlightening regarding the current political environment. May everyone believe what they will in accordance with the law of the land. I hope you'll see that Mormon beliefs and yes, even doctrines, are extremely supportive of the Constitution and the freedoms we enjoy.

I have created this website to give voice to other Mormons as well as myself and to opinions which might be true, but unpopular with cultural Mormonism.

Of course, I don't speak for the church in any way.

 - Chasmiclysm -
