---
layout: post
title: "Small & Simple Things"
date: 2017-02-28 00:00:01 +0700
categories: 'Mormon-Red-Pill'
tags: 'politics'
published: false
description: 'Small & simple things bring great things and confound high ones.'
post_author: chasmiclysm
comments: true
---

"Ya but, Thessalonians is talking about Satan himself being revealed."

Vanity. Foolishness.

Are we not supposed to liken the scriptures? Are we not told there are "types" or symbols in the scriptures that explain the reality in which we live? We are.

> 45 And now I say, **is there not a type in this thing?** For just as surely as this director did bring our fathers, by following its course, to the promised land, shall the words of Christ, if we follow their course, carry us beyond this vale of sorrow into a far better land of promise.
> 
> [Alma 37:45][11] (Book of Mormon)

> 23 And I did read many things unto them which were written in the books of Moses; but that I might more fully persuade them to believe in the Lord their Redeemer I did read unto them that which was written by the prophet Isaiah; for **I did liken all scriptures unto us, that it might be for our profit and learning.**
> 
> [1st Nephi 19:23][12] (Book of Mormon)

Many of the establishment elites are truly dreadful of being revealed. Just as their are types of the Savior, there are types of Satan.

> 3 Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that **man of sin be revealed**, the son of perdition;
> 
> [2 Thessalonians 2:3][10] (Bible)

We are seeing a microcosm of the final reveal - a type of things to come where truth will be shouted on "rooftops." The public is being made aware of the workings in darkness at the head of our government. If you are not aware, you will be soon, for the same force that got Trump elected is the same force that is going after these workings in darkness.

In my opinion, if the people are not victorious in this, I fear U.S.A. will be subject to the "mark of the beast" in the latter days. If Trump succeeds, we may be able to live through the end times without the beast [kill those who do not worship it][13].


https://www.lds.org/scriptures/search?lang=eng&type=verse&query=type
